Docs 6317 countby duke (#1383)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/dw-arrays-functions-countby.adoc

[[countby1]]
== countBy&#40;Array<T&#62;, &#40;T&#41; &#45;&#62; Boolean&#41;: Number

> Counts the elements in an array that return `true` when the matching function is applied to the value of the element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Counts the elements in an array that return `true` when the matching function is applied to the values of the elements.
```
Or something like:
```suggestion
Counts how many array elements return `true` when the matching function is applied to their values.
```

> === Parameters

Reviewer: I know this is legacy stuff, but I saw it and wondered about Parameters and Example being at the same level.
I wonder if they should be combined?
Or I wonder if the titles should be "<blah> Parameters" and "<blah> Example"?
